doc: add TerminusManifest fields and add devbox install tips (#21)
beclab/docs: docs/developer/develop/tutorial/note/create.md

# How to Start Developing an Application

## Install and Launch DevBox

> Install [DevBox](https://market.jointerminus.com/app/devbox) from the Terminus Market. Click on the **DevBox** icon in the launcher on the Terminus Desktop to open the **DevBox** application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [DevBox](https://market.jointerminus.com/app/devbox) from the Terminus Market. 
2. Find the the **DevBox** icon in the launcher panel on the **Terminus Desktop**.
3. Click on the icon to launch the application.
```
